you can make a phone stand with binder
clips connect three of them together and
set your phone in the space between nice
for watching videos and it keeps your
device off dirty surfaces you can make
another quick cheap phone holder with
toilet paper don't throw away the roll
when the paper runs out cut a hole in it
and put your phone inside to keep it
from falling over put four thumbtack
legs on the bottom or how about this
hair clip trick really useful for video
calls when you need your phone held
vertically turn on your phone's
flashlight and set a water bottle on it
tada
your flashlight has turned into a lamp
and spreads light much better you can
experiment and use a bottle with
coloured water or juice to make a cozy
party at home for that fun party turn on
the music on your phone and put it in a
cup now it sounds much louder you and
your friends can also download an app
that synchronizes music simultaneously
on multiple phones launch the app and
prepare a few cups to make a party even
louder you can also make a cheap stereo
with two paper cups and a toilet paper
roll just cut a slit down the middle of
the roll and insert the phone speaker
side down cut round holes in the side of
the cups to fit the ends of the roll
turn on the music and have fun make a
projector for movie night you'll need a
shoebox a magnifying glass hot glue and
a thick sheet of cardboard cut a round
hole in the box insert the glass and put
the phone inside the box the screen
should look directly at the magnifying
glass to set the focus move your phone
from the magnifying glass using a
cardboard sheet pop some popcorn turn
off the light put on a movie and enjoy
don't use antibacterial wipes to clean
your phone screen they can ruin the
screens protective coating make a
one-to-one rubbing alcohol and water
solution and grab a lint-free cloth the
kind used two white glasses spray the
solution on the cloth don't soak it and
wipe your phone down to disinfect it for
all the times you plugged your phone
into a socket but there was no table to
set it on fold the cable like a little
pyramid to hang the phone from the
charger you can also wrap a rubber band
around the charger box and the phone to
keep it in place since you have your
rubber bands out use one in the same way
to fix your phone to the handle of a
kitchen cabinet turn your regular cable
into a coiled one to save space and
prevent tangling wrap the cable around a
pencil take both ends to keep it in
place and give it a blast of hot air
from a hair dryer done you can make your
own bumper case to protect the phone
corners from breaking after a fall all
you need is one of those squishies
silicone bracelets
stretch it around the edge of the phone
use a pen to mark the ports for
headphones charger etc carefully cut out
the slots and wrap the bracelet around
the phone again if you're not gonna need
that pen anymore take the spring out and
wrap it around the end of your charger
cable to take it further and keep the
spring in place wrap some electric tape
around it or use the hair dryer on a
shrink tube you can get rid of scratches
and cracks on the screen with toothpaste
take a cotton swab and apply a small
amount of toothpaste to it rub it slowly
over the crack be careful around the
speaker and any other ports or holes use
nail polish to decorate your headphones
first wrap masking tape around parts of
the cable it'll help you achieve clean
lines paint it whatever color you want
remove the tape and let it dry
you can also decorate your charger box
with colorful pattern tape convenient if
you have a lot of chargers in your
family and confuse your own with someone
else's if you don't want to carry a
wallet you can put a credit card or some
cash in the space between your phone and
the case here's an empty mint container
as an earphone case feel free to
customize it with nail polish or tape as
well hey
you save money and you're repurposing
plastic instead of tossing it or use two
clothes pins to keep your earphones
organized prevents tangling and breaking
and it looks cool when you paint them
first little Lego hands are perfect for
holding charger cables attach the toy to
your desk with some duct tape or hot
glue and now you won't have to bend down
every time to pick up your charger if
you don't feel like writing out a
grocery list just take a picture of your
fridge and pantry before you go to the
store create your own reign for cool
artsy photos by using a spray bottle or
garden hose ask someone to stand behind
the camera and spray water while
snapping the pic don't forget to adjust
the light to make the drop shine put a
small water droplet on your camera lens
and carefully turn your phone over point
the camera at some object
I recommend grains of salt and now you
have a microscope just make sure your
phone is waterproof first it can be hard
to press the shutter button when you
have your arm stretched out for a selfie
use the volume buttons to take the
picture instead
or when you need your phone even out of
arms reach for a pic plug the headphones
in and use the volume button on down how
about every time you record a video at a
concert and the sound is terrible
because of the noise
next time cover the microphone with your
finger set wallpapers with your name and
email or a friend or relatives contact
number in case you lose your phone the
Good Samaritan who finds it will be able
to get a hold of you and some quick tips
to make your battery last longer
don't make claws when you have a bad
signal the weaker the signal the more
battery power it takes to keep the call
remove the case before you plug it in
the battery gets hot during charging and
the heat escapes more easily when a
bulky case isn't blocking its path tech
experts recommend completely draining
and recharging the phone from 0 to 100
percent about once a month this training
helps calibrate the parts that display
the correct charge level just don't do
it too often it can ruin the battery use
an iPad charging adapter for your iPhone
it'll get the job done faster